I was really honoured to be one of the students sent to South Korea to improve the relation between our city, Zibo, and our sister city—Gwangju City. When my teacher told me that I was chosen, I was happy and surprised and an image of the country appeared in my dreams several times. Also, many 1 ran through my mind, such as how would we communicate?
2 I saw the friendly faces of our South Korean partners waiting outside the hotel, all my questions floated off to the Pacific Ocean. We 3 a warm welcome organized by the government and settled into the Aria House Hotel.
4 the next seven days, we visited many places, including Never Land, the biggest park in South Korea and the Seoul World Cup Stadium.
But what 5 me most was the experience I had in their school. The school was built on a hill, so we had a very wonderful 6 from the top. But I paid 7 attention to their classrooms. Obviously, the situation was 8 . In China, there are usually more than sixty students in one class but in Korea their classrooms had just thirty seats.
As I went to the front of the class, something really 9 me. Was I in South Korea, one of the most developed countries in the world? I saw lots of 10 chalk, too small to be held, saved for 11 . In our country, 12 lots of children can’t receive education because of the lack of 13 , nobody ever uses the bits of chalk like that. I couldn’t 14 thinking about the clean roads, the neat paper money and the cars running on the roads in South Korea. It is the 15 that makes South Korea a strong country, something we lost for years.
In South Korea, I saw many old buildings built in the 16 style. Moreover, the people were very interested in Chinese traditional culture. I saw many books written by Confucius and other Chinese philosophers. Also, learning Chinese is part of students’ curriculum.
China has [5000] years’ splendid history and thousands of renowned scholars. Not only should we study our glorious 17 in class, but we must put it into 18 . 19 a civilized and developed country, I think it is necessary to 20 our culture back to life.